com/midterm/cryptonews/ui/coin_item/CoinItemFragmentArgs.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_item.CoinItemFragmentArgs
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_item.CoinItemFragmentArgs$1
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_item.CoinItemFragmentArgs$Builder
com/midterm/cryptonews/ui/coin_chooser/CoinChooserFragmentArgs.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_chooser.CoinChooserFragmentArgs
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_chooser.CoinChooserFragmentArgs$1
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_chooser.CoinChooserFragmentArgs$Builder
com/midterm/cryptonews/BuildConfig.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.BuildConfig
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/FragmentCoinListBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.FragmentCoinListBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragmentDirections.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragmentDirections
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/NewsItemBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.NewsItemBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/CoinListItemBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.CoinListItemBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/ui/coin_list/CoinListFragmentDirections.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_list.CoinListFragmentDirections
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_list.CoinListFragmentDirections$1
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_list.CoinListFragmentDirections$ActionCoinListFragmentToCoinChooserFragment
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_list.CoinListFragmentDirections$ActionCoinListFragmentToCoinItemFragment
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/FragmentCoinItemBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.FragmentCoinItemBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/ui/register/RegisterFragmentDirections.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.register.RegisterFragmentDirections
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/CoinChooserItemBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.CoinChooserItemBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/ui/profile/ProfileFragmentDirections.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.profile.ProfileFragmentDirections
com/midterm/cryptonews/ui/login/LoginFragmentDirections.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.login.LoginFragmentDirections
com/midterm/cryptonews/ui/coin_chooser/CoinChooserFragmentDirections.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.coin_chooser.CoinChooserFragmentDirections
com/midterm/cryptonews/ui/splash_screen/SplashFragmentDirections.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.ui.splash_screen.SplashFragmentDirections
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/FragmentCoinChooserBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.FragmentCoinChooserBinding
com/midterm/cryptonews/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.midterm.cryptonews.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
